mention integrity of policies, Endorsements, Reference Values (#390)
ietf-rats-wg/architecture: draft-ietf-rats-architecture.md

The conveyance of Evidence and the resulting Attestation Results
reveal a great deal of information about the internal state of a
device as well as potentially any users of the device.

In many cases, the whole point of attestation procedures is
to provide reliable information about the type of the device and the
firmware/software that the device is running.

This information might be particularly interesting to many attackers.
For example, knowing that a device is
running a weak version of firmware provides a way to aim attacks better.

In some circumstances, if an attacker can become aware of Endorsements, Reference Values, or appraisal policies, it could potentially provide an attacker with insight into defensive mitigations.

> It is recommended that attention be paid to confidentiality of policies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is recommended that attention be paid to confidentiality of such information.
```
(not just policies, but everything list in previous sentence)

> Additionally, many Claims in Evidence, many Claims in Attestation Results, and Appraisal Policies potentially contain

Reviewer: The same (both line 1298 and line 1301) can be said of Endorsements and Reference Values.   That's why you modified line 1423 but the same applies here too I think.

Author: I pushed another commit to update this. I meant to do it as a Suggestion, but github didn't let me.
(I eventually realized that I had gotten signed out!)
Please review again. Oxford comma included.

> Additionally, many Claims in Evidence, many Claims in Attestation Results, and Appraisal Policies potentially contain

Reviewer: Appraisal Policies is capitalized here but lower case in 1298.  Be consistent.

> Additionally, many Claims in Evidence, many Claims in Attestation Results, and Appraisal Policies potentially contain

Author: ```suggestion
Additionally, many Claims in Evidence, many Claims in Attestation Results, and appraisal policies potentially contain
```

Author: I think it should be lower case everywhere.
